kalyan guys this morning we've got
zapped and sorry and sorry come down to
join you in a session ok we're going to
stick a blindfold on him and he's gonna
play for the be one for the day a lot of
brilliant faces they're just de Street
as fun and yeah you're fine point in
this game communication is everything
yes ok all right we all come over on
onto the rip flac right go to your right
stumbles other Demi's all right
okay it's incredibly hard as I guess one
would expect that notes it's just really
fun I guess because of that it's not
that new tall but yeah it's just just
really really difficult but feel like
I'm learning which is good what is that
racket one step forward
ready for me get ready to catch us after
go get that on the telly yeah laughs
that umpire
yes ready
okay oh ok psexec what do you think it's
a session today then I I really enjoyed
it head of the obviously impressed by
nine by everyone here this is it's
incredibly difficult so you know to bat
ball field whatever it is it's really
hard but very good to do and also what I
like about it which may be separates a
little bit from the cricket I play not
that we don't all get on and they'll not
that it's not a social environment but I
like the fact that the emphasis on on
helping each other are thin on Vanessa a
competing to be each other in those
process I think that's a really valuable
aspect of this kind of the ODI cricket
and I think um you know there's a lot
state from that alongside the fact that
as a for example as a bowler practicing
with this blindfold actually would aid
my technique a me technically when I
comfortable without biathlon so there's
a lot to be gained from it both so it's
just really enjoyable and thank you all
for having me here no thank you yeah
you